# README Starter

**Table Of Contents**
- [Project description](#project-description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Example Usage](#example-usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Support](#support)
- [Change log](#change-log)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Project Status](#project-status)
- [License](#license)

#### Project description:
This project is a node.js command line utility that generates a template readme file for use in open-source software products. The readme used in this project is a variation of the [template](./README-template.md) generated by this product. This project was created to reduce the amount of time for creating unique readme files in every software project.

*languages and frameworks:*
- [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## Installation

**Requirements/Dependencies:**
- node must be installed on your local machine
- this package only has the capability of being run locally within a node.js project (global installation is coming soon)
- this package must be installed in the root of your project where the node_modules/ directory is located, or the creating of the readme will fail
- this project has not been tested within a Windows environment, so this module may not perform as expected on Windows machines


**Mac OSX and Unix/Linux:**
```bash
$ npm install readme-starter
```

## Example Usage

Below provides the two equivalent commands that perform the same execution for this module:

```
npx readme new
```
```
./node_modules/.bin/readme new
```

These is the only accepted command within the CLI (for local execution).

## Contributing
There are no strict contributing guidelines at this time. All issues and pull requests are welcome. Author information is provided below for questions and concerns.

## Support
If you have any questions you can contact the author. Contact Information is provided at the end of this document. If you find any issues or bugs, create a new issue and make a pull request to fix it!

## Change Log
[CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)

## Roadmap

- Converting local executable to global
- Refactoring implementation to use modern code style (ES6 Promises, Async-Await)

## Project Status

This project is currently being updated and maintained by the author. Pull requests and issues are welcome.

## License

[MIT License](./LICENSE)

*Author Info:*
- Skye Brown
  - Twitter: @skyebrownh
  - Email: skye.brownh@gmail.com